=Romance of a Twin Flower=
=Episode 4=
Leave the Ning's Mansion.
Make money even if she's lying down.
Gui Bai,
are you sure the person
you fished out that day
was Nie Sangyu?
Absolutely sure.
Could there be
two people
who look exactly the same?
It can't be that coincident, can it?
Even the second daughter
of the Nie family
doesn't have the same face
as Her Ladyship's.
She's still what she used to be,
but
she just looks totally different.
Her Ladyship is very furious now.
Should we tell her the truth?
Even if she knows that, so what?
She can never
leave the Ning's Mansion
for her whole life,
so we don't need to burn daylight.
Sangyu.
- Miss Wen.
- Sangyu.
Hello.
Can you walk now?
Have you got better?
Yes... Yes.
How could the maids
be so
cruel?
Sangyu,
I feel distressed for you.
But
you can't propose divorcing
His Lordship peacefully
no matter
how angry you are.
You are his first wife,
so you should bear
whatever grievance it is.
Stop.
If you continue mentioning him
or persuading me,
you should stop trying now.
I've made my decision.
Your decision?
Yes.
I've decided to leave.
Both you and His Lordship
have strong characters,
and undoubtedly,
there will be problems
after you get married.
Listen,
you should also be careful
when meeting this kind of man.
You haven't recovered
from the whip injury,
so go up to rest now.
I'm leaving.
Okay.
By the way,
wait a minute.
Bring the Scar Recovering Cream here.
Go.
Take care of yourself
in the Mansion.
I have a small surprise for you.
This cream is made by myself,
named Scar Recovering Cream.
Try it.
You can apply it to your face.
It can nourish,
moisturize and whiten your skin.
I've never seen cream like this.
It's so fragrant.
I'm glad you like it. Take it.
Thank you, Sangyu.
I'm leaving.
Your Ladyship,
we depended on His Lordship
to earn money in the past,
but he expropriated the money now,
and you gave the Scar
Recovering Cream we only had
to others.
What should we do now?
I don't need to depend
on him to earn money.
Scar Recovering Cream.
Tanxiang.
Take
this stuff.
Miss Wen.
If you don't want it,
just put it there.
Miss Wen.
Miss Xue,
I thought of
a good thing
and came to you right away.
What is it?
Well,
I thought of
another way to earn money.
Your Ladyship,
please
stop thinking about using Yuxuan.
You were punished to be whipped,
and I don't know what
you will suffer next.
It's said
His Lordship has 108 ways
to question criminals.
Ning Yuxuan...
He is so bad.
It's impossible for me
to keep using him to earn money.
What he did is a one-time deal,
but what I'm going to do
is big business.
Your Ladyship,
thank you
for sharing me with
whatever good things you have.
You're welcome.
But what I want now
is to live a peaceful life
in the Mansion.
I really don't want to
cause any trouble.
Haven't you bought
new clothes for a long time?
Banxia.
Tell me the truth.
Don't you want
to make money with me?
It's not easy
to make money.
It is.
Banxia.
Help me.
- Are your injuries...
- Your Ladyship.
... recovered?
Yes.
Thanks to your cream, Your Ladyship.
And I applied the rest
on my face.
Really?
I didn't notice that.
How is the effect?
Well,
about the effect...
Banxia.
It's true.
Your skin indeed looks
more tender.
It's very moisturized.
What I'm going to sell
is the Scar Recovering Cream.
Listen,
this cream couldn't only
smooth all scars
Banxia had,
but also nourish her skin.
A little of it
could smooth your wrinkles.
Does it
really have such an amazing effect?
Isn't Banxia
a living example?
You can doubt me,
but you do see
its effect with your two eyes,
don't you?
I can't fake it, can I?
Right?
Listen,
as long as
we open up an outlet,
we can make a big fortune.
Your Ladyship,
how about
finding someone more suitable?
Your Ladyship.
To tell you the truth,
I've made a plan.
Once I make enough money,
I'll take the money,
leave the Ning's Mansion
and Ning Yuxuan
who is a ruthless bad man.
However,
I'm indeed
in a difficult position now,
and people in the Mansion hate me.
Besides, I haven't recovered
from the whip injury yet.
Therefore, I realize
you're the most suitable one
after thinking about it.
Me?
(Virtue Prevails)
Add the saffron crocus by 10 maces.
Saffron crocus.
Move.
No.
It's next to...
Yes, that's it.
Add another 10 maces of it.
And the flos hibisci.
Flos hibisci.
10 maces.
Add it now.
You'll miss the right time.
Stir it.
Drop the almond oil.
Drop it now.
Yes.
Fan it.
The fire is too small.
Yes.
Check the smell.
It's the right smell.
Good.
Your scar disappeared.
Yes.
Didn't it disappear?
Well...
Look at my skin.
It's different, isn't it?
What I use is this.
Scar Recovering Cream.
Let me apply it on you.
Okay. Do it.
Rub it.
And then pat it.
Pat it.
It's very moisturized.
Check it.
Let's make a comparison.
Look.
It's different, isn't it?
Yes.
- It looks so different.
- I didn't cheat you.
Yes.
Your Ladyship,
your idea is so good.
Everyone in the mansion
uses the Scar Recovering Cream now,
and we've earned
much money.
Good.
My injury
is about to get recovered,
and we'll
leave the Ning's Mansion soon.
Good.
Will we
really leave the Ning's Mansion?
Of course.
What is said can not be retracted.
I'm going to get divorced,
and I mean it.
But His Lordship said
you couldn't leave.
I'm going to divorce him,
so why should I obey him?
Even if he's Marquis Moyu
who's the No. 1 Handsome Man
of the Capital,
so what?
Since I don't live a good life,
I'm determined to
divorce him peacefully.
Your Ladyship.
Your Ladyship,
something happened.
What's wrong?
You're so panicked.
All roses in Rose Garden
faded in one night.
What?
They faded?
Think about a way now.
Without these roses
as materials,
we can't make the Scar Recovering Cream.
Fame portends trouble.
What should we do, Your Ladyship?
What should we do?
How about
I ask Mr. Wang to investigate it?
I'd like to see who did this.
It's just an ineffective remedy,
and it can't solve the problem.
Even if he's Marquis Moyu
who's the No. 1 Handsome Man
of the Capital, so what?
Since I don't live a good life,
I'm determined to divorce him peacefully.
She said it so arrogantly.
How much money has she earned?
97.2 taels.
Even 100 taels
could only afford her
with two pieces of clothing.
Just ignore her.
I'm afraid
Her Ladyship's business
couldn't last long.
Why?
Roses are the main materials
to make the Scar Recovering Cream,
but
they all faded last night.
Then I'd like to see
how she could earn money
and divorce me peacefully.
Miss Wen,
the roses were indeed fragile.
After being watered
by hot water yesterday,
they faded.
What nonsense are you talking about?
The reason why they faded
is that no one has lived
in this garden for a long time,
and no one takes care of these roses.
You're right.
I'm inarticulate.
However,
Her Ladyship's Scar Recovering Cream
is very effective.
After you gave it to me as a reward,
and I used it,
my face
indeed becomes rosier.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to throw it now.
I'll throw it far away from us.
However,
without the roses,
no noises
will exist in the Mansion.
Miss Xue,
how many people in the Mansion
know this thing?
Not so many people have
stepped into Rose Garden
since you moved out,
so only a few people know that.
Okay.
Spread the news.
Spread it everywhere.
I want all people in the Mansion
to know
the materials of the
Scar Recovering Cream are gone.
We'd better not do this.
If so,
we can't sell it anymore.
Yes.
How about
I ask Nanny Liu
to buy roses
from outside?
No.
And I'll sell
the stock
by double the price.
Your Ladyship,
can it work?
Think about it.
There are no roses in Rose Garden,
which means
the stock is the last cream we have.
Good idea.
Here you are.
Thank you.
It's yours.
Is it sold out?
I'm sorry.
The Scar Recovering Cream is sold out.
It's sold out.
Why?
Why is it sold out again?
We've spent much time queuing.
Nanny Liu, I'm really sorry.
The roses in Rose Garden
all faded.
And now
the stock we have
is limited.
We need time to pack
and check its quality,
so please be patient.
Why is it sold out?
Miss Qian,
listen.
We've been waiting for a long time.
If the stock
is totally sold out,
what should we do?
We'll have nothing to use in the future.
Yes.
She's right.
Calm down.
Please calm down, everyone.
Her Ladyship
has been looking
for other substitutions,
but
the roses in Rose Garden
have been cultivated carefully
by her for many years,
so we can't find the same
for the time being.
What should we do?
Therefore,
cherish
the Scar Recovering Cream
you have now.
How is it?
I didn't expect
we earned double the money
after the roses were destroyed.
However,
I have to thank
the troublemaker.
You're very smart, Your Ladyship.
You turned the disadvantage
into the advantage
and won women's favors.
It's a piece of cake.
I'd like to tell you
another piece of good news.
What is it?
Not only people in the Ning's Mansion
but also ladies in the capital
ask me about
the Scar Recovering Cream.
Ladies in the capital?
Yes.
Remember
that you can only let them try it
but not sell it to them.
Let's tantalize them.
I'm sure we can sell it to them
by a higher price.
The Scar Recovering Cream
only sells in our mansion,
so what if those ladies
buy it from servants at a high price?
We can't make money by then.
It's good
if servants could make money.
Besides,
if those ladies want
to buy the cream,
they have to buy it from us.
We don't need to
bother about trifling matters
since we're going to make great invents.
Good.
It's very strange.
After the matter of
Kuixing Restaurant ended,
and Lackey Ning whipped
his wife,
there is no news from them.
Boss,
we were reckless
on the matter of Kuixing Restaurant.
Lackey Ning is very ruthless,
and he even punished his wife.
Besides, he ruined our plan.
Speaking of Nie Sangyu
who is a termagant,
she's really cruel.
She didn't only want
to murder her husband
but also used him to make money.
Everything is possible
in the world.
That was Lackey Ning's fault.
We wanted to assassinate him,
but he tried to use us
to kill his wife.
I think we were used by him.
We were used by him?
Let's put the matter of
killing Ning Yuxuan aside
for the time being,
because we have
a more important thing to do.
Your Lordship,
Her Ladyship has sold out
the rest Scar Recovering Cream.
Sold out?
(Your Lordship,)
(I come to send you the ginseng soup.)
Why do you come here?
Haven't I said
I don't need to be served?
My father specially
asked someone to
send this old ginseng to me
after I was stabbed.
It's very precious.
You've been working hard
at searching for the assassinators
during these days,
so I specially
braised it and sent it to you.
Since it's for you,
and you don't look well,
just eat it.
You just got attacked,
so focus on resting.
Okay.
Leave.
Have you used the
Scar Recovering Cream recently?
Buy one for me.
Yes.
What's this?
Your Ladyship.
They are tonics
sent by General Tao.
I see.
Am I
familiar with General Tao?
Yes.
He was your classmate.
It seems
not all people
hate me.
If you really divorce His Lordship,
you can marry General...
Nonsense.
I won't marry another man
after getting divorced.
Isn't it wonderful
to spend the money I earn?
Yes.
Your Ladyship.
Miss Xue.
Good news.
Sit down.
What's wrong?
Didn't we say
to use the Scar Recovering Cream
to tantalize those rich ladies?
Unexpectedly,
Miss Wen was tantalized.
Miss Wen?
She went to serve tea
to His Lordship,
but she looked so sallow
that Yuxuan
drove her out directly.
When Miss Wen left,
she saw the servants
look tender,
and she was so angry
that she ordered someone
to buy the Scar Recovering Cream.
But the cream
is rare in our mansion,
and no one was
willing to sell it to her.
Helplessly,
Miss Wen could only
offer triple the price
to buy the cream.
Only then did someone sell it to her.
No.
I gave one bottle to her before.
That's really strange.
Didn't she use it?
Never mind.
Miss Xue,
these are tonics sent by Tao's Mansion.
Take them.
And you can take
whatever you like
in my room.
Are you really going to leave?
Yes.
I plan
to open a store
to continue selling
the Scar Recovering Cream after leaving.
That's really good.
I'm so envious of you.
I have a brother
who is preparing for
imperial examinations,
and I need Yuxuan's help,
so I can't leave the Ning's Mansion
tentatively.
Miss Xue,
that's okay.
Tell me
and come to me
whenever
you need my help
in the future.
Remember
that we're the best
business partners.
Here is the thing.
The reason why I ask you here
is for nothing
but that I want to give you something.
I've decided
to leave the Ning's Mansion
at 7 pm tomorrow.
Therefore,
please
send me off at the front door
for the sake of our relationship.
Moreover,
you can take whatever you like
in my Reflection Pavilion.
I can't take them, anyway.
Help yourself.
Just take them.
Well...
I mean it.
You can take them.
Take whatever you like.
Take them all,
such as candelabrums,
chairs, stools,
tables,
and mirrors.
Take them as you like.
Help yourself.
Well...
Don't worry, everyone.
Her Ladyship is different
from what she used to be,
so
just take
whatever you like.
Yes.
Take whatever you want.
Take them all.
I see.
You're too shy to
take them when I'm here,
aren't you?
I'll leave.
I only want this one.
Well, can we really take them?
Let's go.
I want this one.
This is also good.
I'll take this.
I want this one.
This is mine.
I chose it first.
♪I'm happy to see your smiling face♪
Do you know what it means?
I come to officially inform you
that I'll leave the Mansion tomorrow.
From then on, we'll live
our own lives separately
and be extremely antagonistic.
Have you prepared the carriage?
Yes.
I'll leave at the Mansion's front door
at 7:45 tomorrow night.
How about I send you off by then?
Will wonders never cease?
You don't have a good intention, do you?
You overthought about it.
After all, you were my wife,
so I should send you off.
Ning Yuxuan, listen.
No matter
what plans you have,
I...
I'll leave the Ning's Mansion
no matter what,
understood?
So annoying.
Muxu, let's go.
Why hasn't Her Ladyship come out yet?
When I was bullied
by Her Ladyship,
I really wanted her
to leave the Ning's Mansion
as soon as possible,
but I didn't expect
her to leave here so soon
after
I just made friends with her.
I didn't expect it, either.
Why does Her Ladyship
become like this now?
Here comes the Second Lady.
Miss Wen.
Second Lady.
- Second Lady.
Do you also come
to send Her Ladyship off,
Miss Xue?
Are you also the same?
I'm really reluctant to see her leave,
and I want to persuade her to stay here.
After all, she's managed
the Ning's Mansion for many years,
and what should we do
after she leaves?
You have to
take her responsibility from now on.
We've been waiting for Her Ladyship
for a long time,
but she hasn't come yet.
Does anything happen to her?
Could she regret it?
We've been waiting for a long time.
Her Ladyship always keeps her word,
and she won't regret it.
You're right.
Then why hasn't she come here yet?
Yes, why?
Let's wait for her for a while more.
Okay.
Maybe
she'll come here soon.
Your Ladyship, no one is here.
Your Ladyship,
are you sure to
leave through the back door?
Yes.
But
why can't we leave the Ning's Mansion
aboveboard?
We can have an aboveboard attitude,
but our purpose
is to leave the Ning's Mansion successfully.
Go.
Listen,
this is called making a feint to
the east and attack in the west.
All people have paid
attention to
the front yard,
so we can
swagger here,
right?
Goodbye, Ning Yuxuan.
Close the door.
Close it.
Why are there so many people outside?
Your Ladyship.
Let me think of a way.
Think of a way.
I'll think of a way.
It's very late now.
Where are you going?
Why are you everywhere?
Do you think
it's easy
to leave
my mansion?
I've told you
many times
that we don't match each other,
so let's end our relationship, okay?
Then why did you
try to marry me
with all your effort?
I was
innocent at that time.
And I just found that
when I was with you...
You contradicted yourself
and did everything at will.
Servants,
send Your Ladyship back
to Reflection Pavilion.
Wait.
Let me tell you
that I'll never go back no matter what.
You just did it out of impulse,
and I won't blame you.
Go back.
Impulse?
I've already made the decision.
Even if I have to sleep on the street,
I won't go back to the Ning's Mansion.
Sleep on the street.
You don't consider results
more and more when doing things.
I can't connive you anymore.
Take her.
- Yes.
No.
Let me go.
Let's go, Your Ladyship.
Go.
No.
Ning Yuxuan.
Let me go.
Haven't your parents taught you
what sympathy is?
Shut up.
No.
I'm afraid
even your parents
can't get close to you
since you're so indifferent.
That's my business
and has nothing to do with you.
Go back to Reflection Pavilion.
No.
Are you done?
Send her back.
- Yes.
Ning Yuxuan.
Please go, Your Ladyship.
It's you that agreed to
divorce peacefully.
Go.
Ning Yuxaun,
it's you that agreed
to divorce peacefully.
Your Lordship,
there are over ten people
in an old temple
- ten miles outside West City.
- (Let me go.)
I wonder
if they are related
to the three people
who escaped last time.
Prepare the horse.
Are they
also bandits?
It seems not.
Perhaps because they are in a big amount
and gather together,
so officers recognized them wrongly.
Check their arms.
Don't hurt the innocent.
Yes.
Sir.
Sir, please.
Please save my child.
He hasn't eaten food
for three days.
Please
save us.
Please.
Who are you?
Why do you gather here?
We are all
poor and homeless people,
and we're really driven desperate.
Sir,
please save us.
Look at my poor child.
Come on.
Your Lordship.
Gui Bai.
Stop him.
Your Lordship.
Don't hurt them,
all of you.
Why?
I just wanted
to kill you. You bad official.
Ning Yuxuan,
you were very ruthless
and killed
all our relatives.
You said to kill bandits
and bring benefit to people,
but they were all nonsense.
We poor people
only want to make a living,
but you put all children's fathers
and women's husbands
into jail.
How should we live then?
Shut up.
You're willing to be bandits
and hurt people.
Do you think you can
call white black with your wrong words?
I don't care.
Anyway, our children
are going to die from
sickness and starvation,
and I don't want to live, either.
Kill me if you have guts.
Kill us!
Your Lordship,
you're seriously injured
and need to go back to
the Mansion for remedy.
I'll take you to Dr. Li.
Remain silent about this matter.
The fewer people know it, the better.
Yes.
How do you plan to
deal with them, Your Lordship?
They are just refugees,
so even if they are related to bandits,
they shouldn't be punished seriously.
But it's a serious crime
to assassinate an official
appointed by the imperial court.
If Ministry of Justice
and Court of Judicial Review
know that I get injured,
I'm sure
that woman will die.
Arrange them for me now.
Settle them down.
No.
I'm worried about you.
I'll take you back to
the Mansion personally.
I'm fine.
Go.
Yes.
Find water and food.
(During these years,)
(I've been aspiring
to catch all bandits)
(because I don't only want to find)
(the leftover evildoers of
the Tea Gang who killed my father)
(but also to bring peace to the world.)
(However, I often use extreme methods.)
(Am I)
(wrong?)
(Reflection Pavilion)
He's just a ruthless bad man
who goes back on his word.
What he said
to allow me to leave the Mansion
and get divorced peacefully
is a lie.
You liar!
I'm so pissed off.
You come to
apologize to me, right?
I won't accept.
Get out.
Get out?
It's you that let me enter here.
Get out, both of you.
What's wrong?
Are... Are you injured?
I'll go to find a physician for you.
No.
We can't let anyone know this.
But you're seriously injured.
No.
Okay.
I'll bring the medicine
to stop you from bleeding, okay?
Muxu.
Go.
Go to bring the medical kit here.
What's...
What's wrong with His Lordship?
Stop asking. Go.
Keep quiet.
Hold on.
Why are you seriously injured?
How about Gui Bai?
Wasn't he with you?
Sir.
Our man saw Gui Bai
left the city alone late at night.
Gui Bai?
Yes.
(Zheng)
I've ordered someone to follow him.
Keep a close eye on him.
Stop him from doing
whatever he wants to do.
I see.
I know you're unwilling
to be touched,
but how can I apply medicine on you
when I can't see your injury?
Leave me alone.
Get away.
Sorry to be rude.
Your Ladyship.
Here is the medical kit.
You've bled so much.
I'll stop you from bleeding first.
No.
It's not enough.
I must prescribe the medicine.
Muxu,
go to take the paper and brush pen.
I'll prescribe the medicine for you.
Go.
Okay.
Hold on.
Your Ladyship.
Your Ladyship, here are
the paper and brush pen.
Give me.
(Horse's Manure)
It's done.
Go to find the medicine in the pharmacy.
Take them all for me.
Okay.
Horse's manure?
Your Ladyship,
I know the first kinds of medicine,
but should I take
the horse's manure in the stable?
That's
important.
Go and take it.
Okay.
Give me your hand.
Your Ladyship.
Your Ladyship, here is the medicine.
Okay.
That's the smell I want.
Ning Yuxuan, come on.
Take the medicine.
Take it.
What's wrong?
It smells strange.
I know,
but it works well on stopping bleeding.
How do you know about prescribing?
I...
I don't know.
I only knew
that I thought of this prescription
the moment I saw your injury,
and its taste
is right.
Take it.
Come on.
Get away.
Be careful.
We don't have this medicine anymore.
Why didn't you know my kindness?
Don't blame me for being rude.
Take it for me.
Come on, Muxu. Help me.
What are you doing?
Your Ladyship.
Your Ladyship, what knot are you tying?
Sailor's Knot.
Sailor's Knot?
Muxu, give me that rope.
- God shows mercy to everyone.
- Come on.
I can't see him in danger
without doing anything.
I must
let you take
the medicine today.
Open your mouth.
No.
Your Lordship.
You'll die if you refuse taking it.
You won't take it
until I treat you seriously, will you?
Fine.
Muxu,
take my bamboo ruler here.
I must
open his mouth today.
Sir,
we got it
from Gui Bai.
I've researched on it.
This prescription
is specially for stopping bleeding
and diminishing inflammation.
Besides,
some of the medicine
have strong effects,
and I think the person
who uses the medicine
is seriously injured.
Someone is injured,
and Gui Bai gets the medicine.
You didn't give yourself away, did you?
No.
We only
stopped Gui Bai,
killed his horse,
and robbed his money
in the disguise of bandits
according to your order.
Continue the investigation.
Check what Ning Yuxuan
has done recently.
Yes.
You're awake.
How do you feel?
Do you feel better?
Tell me.
Why am I here?
Do you forget everything?
I spent the whole night
trying to feed you the medicine,
and you actually forget everything.
Okay.
Let me repeat.
Listen up.
You rushed into my room
last night all of a sudden,
and I
recognized you.
When I asked you questions,
you didn't answer.
You didn't answer.
Then I turned around.
Surely enough,
you had a big piece of bloodstain.
I was shocked
and wondered what happened.
Then I pulled you on the bed,
but you were disobedient.
Look.
You suffered
since you didn't listen to me.
Surely enough,
look how seriously
injured you're.
Ning Yuxuan,
I didn't expect you
to get into such a plight.
I couldn't ignore you
when you were about to die,
so I had to find medicine for you.
It was time to heal the
wounded and rescue the dying,
so I asked someone
to find the Horse's Manure.
I wondered
if you liked to eat the horse's
manure with the poop smell
or the poop with
the horse's manure smell.
I didn't care what you liked to eat.
At that time,
you couldn't make the choice yourself.
When I put the
horse's manure on your mouth,
I felt so happy.
Otherwise, you would have died.
I did it for your good.
And then,
I used the bamboo ruler
to open your mouth.
Look.
You finally took the medicine.
How did you feel?
You shouldn't have bullied me.
I never dreamed you
could come to such a pass.
I'm so happy.
That's all.
Are you done?
Yes.
♪Summer stars, autumn night♪
♪Who is wandering
under the moon in my heart♪
♪The deepest story
with the shallowest goodbye♪
♪After passing by,
I can only meet you in my dream♪
♪The wind can't breeze
the long street of time♪
♪The burning yearning will never cool♪
♪Two hearts meet again foreshadowing love♪
♪How can I describe it
when we look into each other's eyes♪
♪Take a life time to write the story♪
♪Together with you♪
♪Company you♪
♪Just for your glance and smile♪
♪The first promise means the forever love♪
♪Fireworks all over the sky
light up your night♪
♪Take a life time♪
♪To write the story with you gradually♪
♪Just like this♪
♪Our love goes on and on♪
♪The day we first met,
the year when we get old♪
♪My heart and my love will never vanish♪